README.md, before:


# Garmin Watchface

![Screenshot](documentation/Watch.jpg)

This project creates a watch face using a base-12 hour and minute notation.

Features:
- Base 12 hour and minute notation
- Alarm (icon for one alarm, number for more than one alarm)
- Battery
- Steps as part of goal
- Move indicator
- Day of week and day of month


### Explanation of base-12 notation

The numbers:

0-2
![0](documentation/0.JPG)
![1](documentation/1.JPG)
![2](documentation/2.JPG)

3-5
![3](documentation/3.JPG)
![4](documentation/4.JPG)
![5](documentation/5.JPG)

6-8
![6](documentation/6.JPG)
![7](documentation/7.JPG)
![8](documentation/8.JPG)

9-11
![9](documentation/9.JPG)
![10](documentation/10.JPG)
![11](documentation/11.JPG)

##### Hour

The hour notation is two times 12 hours. The first twelve hours are the values 0-11 (base 10), while the last 
12 hours have a dot inside the number.

##### Minute

The minute notation increases the value every five minutes. Every minute a dot is added. First on top, then on
the right, then on the bottom and finally on the left.


#### Example

![Example](documentation/Example.JPG)

The screenshot shows a time of 14:22 in decimal time. (2 hours after 12 o'clock, and 4×5 + 2 minutes).

Commit message:

Make all colors and visibility configurable

README.md, after:


# Garmin Watch face

![Screenshot](documentation/Watch.jpg)

This project creates a watch face using a base-12 hour and minute notation.

Features:
- Base 12 hour and minute notation
- Alarm (icon for one alarm, number for more than one alarm)
- Battery
- Steps as part of goal
- Move indicator
- Day of week and day of month

The colors of all the parts of the watch face can be configured individually. Also, some elements can be removed
from the watch face.


### Explanation of base-12 notation

The numbers:

0-2
![0](documentation/0.JPG)
![1](documentation/1.JPG)
![2](documentation/2.JPG)

3-5
![3](documentation/3.JPG)
![4](documentation/4.JPG)
![5](documentation/5.JPG)

6-8
![6](documentation/6.JPG)
![7](documentation/7.JPG)
![8](documentation/8.JPG)

9-11
![9](documentation/9.JPG)
![10](documentation/10.JPG)
![11](documentation/11.JPG)

##### Hour

The hour notation is two times 12 hours. The first twelve hours are the values 0-11 (base 10), while the last 
12 hours have a dot inside the number.

##### Minute

The minute notation increases the value every five minutes. Every minute a dot is added. First on top, then on
the right, then on the bottom and finally on the left.


#### Example

![Example](documentation/Example.JPG)

The screenshot shows a time of 14:22 in decimal time. (2 hours after 12 o'clock, and 4×5 + 2 minutes).
